lb1:
On first appearance, the pc is not inheriting the value of pc_new because pc_new is only incrementing
when the state is S1 after the first instruction(lw) is executed.
Gonna check the alu inputs at that time to look for faults.
fix-1: found that the multiplexer wires for alump were the other way around, fixed them and now the 
pc is acquiring the value perfectly. yet the lb instruction hasnt executed correctly

lb2:
The lb2 image, the instruction lb x2, 8(x0) successfully fetched the first byte at index 3 of ram
which was 0xdead_beef and successfully sign extended it and loaded 0xffff_ffef in x2

lb3-lb4: the lb instruction was tested for all the locations in a word and was found to be
successfully working.

lh1-lh2: the lh instruction was tested and was found to be working successfully.

sw1: The store instruction is not working properly. It should have stored the value from x1 in
the data memory.

sw2: Apparently i forgot to connect wd to rd2 so the word wasnt transferring from x1 to memory.
Its fixed now and works successfully!

addi1 : Testing this first to initialize registers easily.
From initial glance, the we3 is staying at 0, and i have found that i am not updating its value in
S9.

addi2 : I forgot to add the actual write cycle to write the value back in the register, now it works
fine.

add1 : i am noticing that the state S8 remains constant for nextstate so im guessing 
thats a problem.

add2 : The problem was definitely S8, i missed the line to update S8 to S0, and i also selected 
the wrong value for wd3ctrl which was earlier 011 and the correct value was 001. it works perfect now.

beq1 : Noticed the state got set back to S0 for some reason. From further inspection, I missed writing
the state updation for branch type instructions in the fsm.

beq2 : Found that the srca multiplexer actually had the third source for 2'b11 and not for 2'b10, so Gonna
fix it.

beq3 : Now the beq instruction executes perfectly, but the immediate offset is being evaluated
wrongly, i wanted to increment the pc by 8 but its evaluating it to 16. 

beq4 : The immediate is evaluating perfectly now. the problem was in the translator, i was shifting
the immediate by 1 bit, 2 times, one in the translator and the other in the datapath itself so it
was multiplying by 2! fixed now. Also dont be confused, the pc needed to be set to 8(oldpc)+8(imm_offset),
to a value of 16!

lui : it was a stupid mistake i did, the mainimm was evaluating some other imm so i fixed it,
and it works fine now.

auipc : I didnt add the control signals to write it back in the wd3. it works good after that.

jal : It was storing the value in rd successfully initially but was failing to increment the pc.
After inspection, the control signals for mainimm were wrong and pcwrite wasnt being enabled at
the state S13. It works fine now.

jalr : It had slightly problems. the srca and srcb were wrong so had to correct them, the immctrl
was also wrong, corrected it. and pcwrite wasnt being asserted so fixed that. Now works good.